This section's a lot of fun.
Personal care expense tip number one.
Cold water works and it's cheaper tip.
Use cold water to wash your laundry, if possible.
Hot water costs you a fortune.
I'll move on to number two because this is
one of my favorite ones.
Okay, this one's called cut it yourself, okay,
and before I surprise you with what I'm talking about,
I want to talk about this, okay.
In my hand, in this container,
I'm holding something that cost me less than $20
many years ago when I bought it
and it's saved me about $20,000 so far,
and it sounds crazy,
and it's a bit of a riddle, okay,
so see if you can guess what it is.
Okay, let me first of all open it up here.
Whoa.
So shiny.
Whoa, right.
Hundred dollars in ones, that's not what I'm talking about,
a boot.
$500, no, this thing's made me more than that,
or saved me more than that.
A thousand dollars in tens, nope.
$2,000 in 20s, nope.
$5,000 in 50s, nope, more.
$10,000 in one hundreds, no, more,
way more than that, and this,
by the way, this is all fake money, okay.
It looks real, though right?
Okay, anyway.
By the way, you can't photocopy money.
A buddy of mine tried to do it recently
and the police actually came.
He was doing it for a joke.
All photocopy machines, apparently,
are hooked up to the police.
Anyway, off topic.
Alright, so I don't know if you've guessed what this is yet.
I'll give you a hint.
It's something that you spend money on every month
that involves cutting.
Alright, you probably guessed that what I'm holding here
is something that helps me cut my hair.
And so I used to go,
I used to go to Frank and Jimmy's Barber Shop, good guys,
in Mississauga, Canada, and I would go
and every two or three weeks they would ask me a question,
which was number one or number two
or number three or number four,
and I would say number four.
He'd take this thing out and then he'd put number four on,
this guy here, and you know the cost is close
to 20 bucks with the tip, so I do it myself
and I've been doing it myself for a long, long time now.
And I went to Costco, which is a big retail store
here in the United States, and I bought these
for less than 20 bucks, okay,
and we joke that if you can't find it at Costco,
then you don't need it.
Okay, so every two or three weeks or so,
I put my hair over the trash bin
and I cut my hair with this thing.
Actually even, I cut the back of my hair with this.
I ordered this off of ebay.
Let me put that down on the fake money.
I put this on the back here, right here,
around my ears, and then I just kind of cut the back
and hopefully the line is straight.
Sometimes it's a little off, but whatever.
Anyway, that's what I do.
It's fun saving money and it feels great
to get a deal, you know,
and it's good for the kids too,
my kids to see this because, you know,
they hopefully can grow up,
they'll grow up and be able to save money as well.
I wasn't good at saving money when I was younger, though.
Okay, personal care expense tip number three.
Doctor's face and hands tip.
What?
Okay, wash your hands a lot more.
Use Purell a lot more as you won't get sick as much,
which is going to save you a lot of money in lost wages,
and I asked my doctor recently,
I said, dude, why is it that you're around sick people
all day and you don't get sick?
Like what's your tip?
And he said there's two reasons.
Number one, he washes his hands constantly,
and number two, he never touches his face,
and if you get everybody in your family to wash their hands,
especially the kids more often,
then the results are awesome because what really sucks
is that when, you know one person gets sick,
at least in my house, then it leads to others too.
Okay, tip number four.
Please don't over dry clean.
If possible, wear it again before you dry clean,
and do you really need to dry clean that many times anyway?
So you can hang up your shirt by the shower
when you use the shower,
as it un-wrinkles much faster that way,
after a few days, okay.
Also, I actually stopped using an iron,
as it destroys clothes, especially when I would iron
the collars here, it would just absolutely destroy them.
And this thing here actually cost me.
It's a steamer.
It cost me about 20 bucks, and it actually,
it saved me a lot of money over time,
and I used a steamer here on this white sheet
at the back here as well.
I just kind of, you drag down.
It's way better than an iron.
It's like getting a touchless car wash, sort of,
if you have a nice paint job on your car, okay.
Tip number five, hang 'em up tip.
Hang up your clothes to dry them.
And this one's simple but I have to mention it
because the dryer, you don't realize this,
but a dryer costs you a fortune to run
in terms of electricity,
or coins that you use at the laundromat as well.